Add emojbestpractices.md (#5332)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/company-info-and-process/communication/team_chat.md

- ❌ = Blocking disagreement
- 📣 Megaphone = Discuss in team meeting

> All teammates are able to upload their own custom emoji to our Slack Workspace. When doing so, please avoid the upload of rapidly changing or flashing emoji as this might be harmful to certain teammates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All teammates are able to upload their own custom emoji to our Slack Workspace. When adding a new animated emoji, keep in mind that rapidly changing or flashing emoji, such as party parrot, may not be friendly for teammates who are [impacted by photosensitivity or susceptible to seizures](https://www.reddit.com/r/Epilepsy/comments/jzmjdx/seizure_inducing_emojis/).

If you spot a custom emoji that may be a bit too animated, report it to #it-tech-ops so it can be removed.
```
